Can we override static method:
-No, you cannot override static methods in Java because Static methods are associated with the class itself, not with an instance of the class.
  When a subclass inherits a static method from its parent class, it is not possible to override the behavior of that static method.
  When you do that, the method in the superclass will be called at compile-time.

Can we declare constructor as final:
-No, a constructor can't be made final. A final method cannot be overridden by any subclasses.
  As mentioned previously, the final modifier prevents a method from being modified in a subclass.
  The main intention of making a method final would be that the content of the method should not be changed by any outsider.

Can we declare an abstract method as final:
-No, an abstract method cannot be declared as final
  Abstract methods:
  These methods are declared in abstract classes and cannot be implemented in the same class. They must be implemented in a subclass of the inheritance tree.
  Final methods:
  These methods cannot be redefined in subclasses. They cannot have any additional subclasses and close an inheritance tree definitively.

 Can an interface be final:
 -Yes, an interface can be declared as final in Java.
   The final keyword prevents other classes or interfaces from extending or implementing the interface.

   Use of Static keyword in Java:
   -The static keyword in Java is used to manage memory and describe how objects are managed in memory.
     When a member is declared static, it belongs to the class rather than instances of the class.
     Accessible without creating instances.

  Why we should use Interface in Java:
  -It is used to achieve abstraction.
    By interface, we can support the functionality of multiple inheritance.
    It can be used to achieve loose coupling.

Constructor as private:
-A private constructor is a special type of constructor that can only be called within the class that it's defined in.
  Private constructors can be used to prevent other classes from subclassing a class.

What is static block in Java:
-Static block is executed even before the main method just when the class load itself.

NOTE: Max no of int arguments/parameters for non static method is 254 and for static method is 255.

Why main method is static one
-so that the JVM can call it without creating an object of the class that contains it.

Note: Interface object can't be created

Access Modifiers In Java:
Private: The access level of a private modifier is only within the class.
Default: The access level of a default modifier is only within the package.
Protected: The access level of a protected modifier is within the package and outside the package through child class.
Public: The access level of a public modifier is everywhere.

